# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 26ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 16ms
    [gap of 14ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 56ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 28ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 99ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 108ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 74ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 82ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 36ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 15ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 138ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 152ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 60ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 23ms]
    create-X86-model 27ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 110ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 119ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 78ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 84ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 61ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 68ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-variant-model 33ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 25ms
    create-X86-model 22ms
    create-X86_64-model 21ms
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 18ms
    create-X86_64-model 26ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 225ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 239ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-X86-model 35ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 136ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 148ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 48ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 115ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 125ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 40ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 45ms]
    create-X86-model 14ms
    create-X86_64-model 21ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 113ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 123ms

